Thanks to a string
of missed shots in the field.
and because shame
builds character. maggot.
I shall now retrain you
in the art of the net gun.
Meet your target.
This is safe. right?
We'll know soon.
Officers. take aim.
Release the target!
It's not your friend.
it's a toddler
being chased by a timber wolf.
[Frank] Fire!
[gun fires]
Did you even have your eyes
open for that shot?
Fail!
[Daisy] Oh!
I can't do it.
I can't shoot my boy.
Your boy just killed
a mother of three.
- Fail!
- Oh.
Wait for it.
- Gotcha.
- [gun clicks]
Did you jam my gun?
Always check your cartridge.
Fail!
You have brought shame
to the name of Colin Brown.
Come on. guys.
Inventor of the net gun.
- [gun fires]
- [Frank struggles]
[groaning]
[Daisy chuckles]
Fixed the cartridge.
Sir.
Lunch. anybody?
I could go for some Thai.
All these nets have me
craving seafood.
Your training worked.
She hit you on the first shot.
Wait. are you guys going
with Thai or seafood?!
Seafood. they say...
Shut up. maggot!
Sorry.
Sorry. you want me
to help you up?
Yeah. Can you help me?
♪ [vocalizing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Okay. Next up.
we have a personal
announcement from Daisy.
Oh. yes.
Do not use the quilted
toilet paper.
I bring that from home.
It is not my fault that Seattle
can only afford one-ply.
- Thank you.
- [Emily] Thank you. Daisy.
Yeah. duly noted.
Oh... are we starting on time?
Yeah. just like we do
every morning.
Wait. so this...
this is the morning meeting?
Man. having a job is crazy.
Parker. did you use our gym
to do some squatting?
We hear you're good at that.
Nah. Big Cat.
Today was chest and arms.
See. with Parker. your sarcasm
doesn't break through.
It's like somebody
throwing darts at a tank.
Ting! Ting! Ting! Ting!
Did you guys choreograph
an anti-sarcasm dance?
Parker. you really fine.
but you are distracting.
And my boss has
the floor right now. so.
Understood. My apologies.
I gotta get out of here anyways.
- Bye.
- Ooh. you taste salty.
It's like...
like kissing a potato chip.
- [Parker] Ah!
- That's nasty.
Yuck.
And next up.
as a thank you to Frank
for returning their horse
last month.
Rutton Ranch House sent him
this gift certificate
for a free couple's
sunset horse ride.
Romantic and free?
That's my kinda date. Big Cat.
Oh. I'm shutting
that nickname down.
Are you sure?
'Cause it's good.
Oh. if it's available.
I call it.
I'm Big Cat now.
Frank. if I may.
When was the last time
that you went on an actual date?
It's hard to keep track
of those things.
Yeah. it's three months
by my count.
You said you were taking time
to work on yourself.
That long of a dry spell.
I'll bet he's working
on himself.
- Hey-oh!
That's so fun. Um. so...
this gift certificate
expires at the end of
the month. which is
that. oh... that's today.
Cool idea. Give it to me.
and I'll take Parker.
Doesn't he get enough
free stuff?
I mean. he walked outta here
in my gym shorts.
It's tonight.
That's a tight timetable.
Even for me.
For you. impossible.
There's just no way.
Insulting challenge accepted.
[Victoria] You know what? Fine.
Find a filly by 5:00.
or the free ride is mine.
Shake on it.
- Shake my...
- Oh! Oh...
Dry spell's making
a lotta sense.
Hey. Community Outreach Officer.
First official event tonight.
Very exciting.
I figured. why do
a neutering event
when you can do
a neutering experience?
- Mmm...
- Right?
Dr. Green does the surgery.
I pour the wine.
That's why I called it
the Sip and Snip.
- Yeah
- Love that.
Yeah. it's very ambitious.
DJ's ready.
food trucks are ready.
- It's...
- Food trucks.
- So... so multiple.
- Yep.
Mmm. Maybe I should just
stay tonight and help out.
Aren't you the one
who gave an entire
PowerPoint presentation
about how you were gonna
delegate more after the merger?
That was a PowerPoint
and this is real life.
Okay. so in that case.
maybe I'll just send you
a text update every 20 minutes.
The way I make Danny do
on sleepovers.
That would be great.
Would you?
- You were joking.
- Mmm.
As was I.
I trust you. obviously.
- Hey!
- Hey.
Thanks for volunteering
to help out
at the Sip and Snip tonight.
Yeah. totally.
Uh. but you know what
would be even better?
I'm not spying on Patel for you.
You have to!
This whole thing
is shaping up to be
a real poop show.
No. No way!
Patel's in
double thumbs-up mode.
He's got this.
Look at him.
See?
It's not a big deal.
Just turn on your body camera.
let it roll. and then
I'll watch the live feed
from another room.
Okay. look. I don't usually
bring up the HR stuff
with our relationship.
but right now.
you're wading into
a very gray area.
Okay.
You know. it's kinda hot
when you set boundaries.
- Really?
- Say it again.
Very gray area.
Okay! Okay.
Oh. I'm sure they would delay
the sunset ride
for you. Heather.
Well. anywho. what time
do you get off work?
9:30? That's ridiculous.
Let me talk to your boss.
[call ends]
- Hello?
- Let's look at the bright side.
At least that lady
remembered you.
The first woman remembered me.
She just couldn't
remember from what.
You're like a batter
in a slump. brother.
You know. you're in your head.
You're overthinking it.
Yeah. well. that's what
regular thinking looks like
to an under-thinker.
Now. there he is!
See. the sarcastic guy doesn't
care what anybody thinks.
That's the guy
who's gonna get a date.
I'm not taking you
on the horse ride.
The more you push me away.
the more it makes me
wanna come and getcha.
♪ [party music plays]
Daisy.
Hey.
Can you get me another
box of wine. please?
Daisy.
- Oh. Uh.
- Hey.
You have something
more important
than Barbra Streisand's
life story?
Do you know she used
a water bottle as a doll?
Okay. I'm sorry.
I thought you were here to help.
Oh. no. I'm here
to butter up Emily so I can
ask for more vacation days
for my cruise.
Uh. listen. Big Cat.
Hey!
Either you help me.
or I tell Emily.
That was a good use
of the nickname.
but bad use of the ultimatum.
I just have to tell Emily
that you can't handle this.
Oh. Well.
- Well. you boxed me in.
- Yes.
Can you just make sure
people are filling out
the sign-in sheet?
- Hell no!
Actually. yes.
Because there might be some
single hotties in here
and you already know they're
thoughtful about birth control.
Yeah. whatever.
Okay.
Dr. Green!
You ready to slice 'em
and dice 'em. bro?
Ready? I already started
and get this.
One of those dogs had
a tumor in his testicles.
- Nice.
- You're saving lives. bro.
Hey. can you put that
in an email to my parents?
[Patel laughs]
Oh...
Put that in an email. for real.
- Please. I'm being serious.
- Yeah.
Hey! What the heck is this?
[Patel] We've talked about this
a million times...
Boss?
Hi!
Hey. I was. uh...
checking my makeup
in the good light.
[Emily chuckles]
Okay. fine. I was spying
on the Sip and Snip.
I have a problem.
Okay. that's it. You're coming
with me to Tai Chi class.
It'll get your mind
off of things.
- Come on.
- Tai Chi? Uh.
- Yes.
- Oh. okay. Yeah.
No. it's-it's probably
for the best.
Um. I think the guys
in the motor pool
thought I was gonna jump.
Okay. Come on.
I know the CDC says
we're not supposed to
snuggle these girls.
but. boy. is it tempting.
Sorry about him.
he got dropped on his head.
By me. Later today.
I needed a laugh.
Jokes are free. the rest
comes outta your taxes.
Oh. so technically.
you're my employee.
I have 4.2 million bosses
as of the latest census.
I'm a very busy man.
Well. thanks for making
the time for little old me.
Absolutely.
[chickens clucking]
What's wrong with your face?
I'm probably
just having a reaction
to that sparkling repartee.
I'm not gonna ask out
a woman that we just
helped out on a call.
It's inappropriate.
I don't think there's anything
wrong with dating people
you meet through work.
I mean. everybody's so
concerned about power dynamics
and making people uncomfortable.
You know what
makes me uncomfortable?
Policing the heart. brother.
I'll ask her out.
Because the clock is ticking.
and I refuse to debase myself
by asking the ranch
for an extension.
Approach is good.
Let's just hope he doesn't
want it too bad.
Oh. and she's laughing.
Oh. and he's walking back.
He didn't overstay his welcome.
Yes!
Not gonna break stride
because it wouldn't look cool.
Going straight to the truck.
But I need you to get
her number. I forgot to ask.
He's back.
[Shred] So. the doctor's
name is...
- Excuse me.
- is Dr....
Come here.
Yeah.
Uh. we... we have a situation.
So. remember that
stray French bulldog
we picked up yesterday?
We just neutered it.
Boom!
Add it to my total.
Turns out it's not a stray.
it's a prize-winning
breeder dog and. uh.
its owner just showed up.
- [Patel] Oh. God.
- Okay. I just Googled it.
French bulldog breeders
get $8.000 a puppy.
There's four to five dogs
per litter.
That's... that's like...
Okay. baby. you're straining.
Just know it's a lotta money.
You really screwed us
on this one. Patel.
You were in charge of
the check-ins. right?
- You dropped the ball.
- But you are in charge of me.
- You dropped two balls.
- 'Cause you're the leader.
Hey. hey. hey. hey! Stop!
The bigger thing is that
Emily's gonna lose her mind
when she hears it.
But no one's gonna hear about
this unless someone narks on us.
You gonna nark on us. buddy?
Don't threaten my boy.
But no one can hear
about this. sweetie. okay?
Hey. again. just given our
slight age difference.
it feels odd when you mother me.
Listen. we need an idea.
Yes.
What if we say that the vet
found a suspicious growth?
Had to operate to save
the dog's life.
I kinda like this idea.
What? Guys.
Faking dog tumors?
That's what we're on right now?
- That's what we're on.
- Dog tumors?
I know. I know. he's right.
We can't do that.
Without Dr. Green's help.
Coming up on 5:00 PM.
You strike out?
Does that answer your question?
My date is running
a little bit late.
In fact. I'm gonna
send her another pin.
Oh my god. Frank.
There's so many texts.
You got stood up. partner.
No! No. She's a farmer.
There's no service out there.
Yep. It's over.
Man. this place has it all.
Gym. Shower. Wine bar.
I might never leave.
I have a fun idea for us.
I love fun and your ideas.
Sunset horseback ride
at Rutton Ranch tonight.
Hmm. Blah.
Why are you making those noises?
Yeah. it's not like
she asked you to get a job.
I just don't vibe with
the idea of riding animals.
It doesn't seem cool.
What about the three animals
in that meatball?
Come on. I used to ride
all the time back home.
Those horses never complained.
I don't know. I just can't.
You know. but I don't
want you to miss out.
So why don't you take Frank?
He's already got
the cool boots and everything.
I mean. the gift voucher
would just go to waste. so...
Which technically means
I just scored a date. so I win.
And by the way.
I will be quoting
the movie Tombstone
throughout the ride.
I don't know what that is.
Parker. you like Tombstone?
I love pizza.
Emily.
This is my instructor.
Sifu Gary.
Oh. it sounded like...
you said Seafood Gary.
but that can't be right.
Is-is that right?
Sifu is like a title.
like teacher.
Mmm.
Welcome to our class.
- Thanks.
Bettany's here every week.
right there in the front row.
Took me a while to get up there.
I started in the back.
Then Diane got carpal tunnel
and I saw my opening. [laughs]
Oh. um...
Oh. um. Boss.
there's no phones in class.
It's a pretty strict policy.
Oh. totally. That...
yeah. that makes sense.
Um... maybe we should have
Sifu Gary
hold your phone until
class is over.
- Oh.
- I'd be happy to.
- Sure.
- And your Apple Watch.
Okay.
Yup. And your tablet.
- Oh. wow.
- Both of 'em.
Okay. just take the whole bag.
Oh. my gosh.
I haven't seen that much denim
since we trapped that possum
at the Yellowstone
viewing party.
Wait. they're coming over.
They're coming over.
Howdy. partners.
- Hi.
- Howdy.
Wow. you guys are adorable.
Are you twins?
Oh. we're married.
Hmm. didn't say no
to being twins.
I'm Paul. this is Sapphire.
[Victoria] Stop it!
- I'm Paul.
- And I'm Sapphire.
Oh. you're kidding!
We're kidding.
That was... that was not true.
Gotta keep an eye on you two.
Whoo!
Paul. get a photo of me
fake drinking out of
the water trough.
- Absolutely.
- Yes. Paul!
Whoo! Oh my god. so fun.
Wow. Paul and Sapphire
definitely met
at a strip club. huh?
Maybe. but Paul's
a terrible stage name.
Rise. Breathe in.
Sink. Breathe out.
[keyboard taps. call dials]
- Rise. Breathe in.
- Bettany?
- [Emily] Hey. it's me.
I'm on Bettany's phone.
How's it going
at the Sip and Snip?
Sink. breathe out.
Uh...
Fine.
Wait. You paused.
Why did you pause?
Are you serious?
I'm sorry. I had to check in.
It's been. like. an hour.
- It's been nowhere near an hour.
- Bettany...
We're holding the moon.
not our phones.
Oh. I'm-I'm sorry.
It's just that we were...
Maybe it would be best if both
of you excused yourselves.
Diane.
Why don't you come back
to the front row?
Enjoy your time
in the sun. Diane.
It never lasts.
[Emily] I am so sorry.
Dr. Green.
My guy! [laughs]
Listen. hey. you remember that
dog with the suspicious growth?
Yeah. That was...
that was gnarly.
Yeah. super gnar.
Listen. I got this dog
owner been hassling me.
You wouldn't mind saying it's
that dog that had the growth?
Oh. you want me to lie.
Big time.
[nervous laughter]
Well. I'd be risking
my license. so... no.
Bro. Uh... okay.
I guess the dogs aren't
the only ones around here
without balls.
Big Cat. Shred.
Let's bounce.
- [Daisy] No balls.
- [Shred] Sorry.
So. do all Americans grow up
wanting to be cowboys.
or is that just a stereotype?
I had Old West bedsheets.
Cowboys fighting...
other characters.
Do all New Zealanders grow up
wanting to be Americans?
Until they meet people
like Paul and Sapphire.
What do you think
they're doing right now?
Probably finding out how much
denim chafes if you get it wet.
[Victoria laughs]
This is so fun.
Parker never dunks on people
with me.
Sometimes I worry that he's
too pure for my black heart.
Well. opposites attract.
Except in nature and
most healthy relationships.
Oh. shut up.
This is so pretty!
-[chuckles]
[phone buzzes]
[Victoria] Must feel good
to be up past your bedtime.
Yeah. It is.
[Emily] Can we talk yet?
Or are you still afraid
you'll say something you regret?
I'm okay.
I am so sorry that I got you
moved out of the front row.
I know today was
kind of a disaster.
I just. I need to figure out
this delegating thing.
You're going bald. Boss.
I know. I did start
plucking again.
Is it bad?
It's not awesome.
Mmhmm.
Since this merger.
you've been burning it
at both ends.
You can't keep up.
And if that means you gotta
delegate some things.
put Patel in charge of an event.
so be it.
But you gotta let it go.
Totally. Yeah.
I have no idea how to do that.
Sifu Gary says it all starts
with the breath.
Breathe in.
Breathe out.
[both exhale]
Everything's okay.
Patel's got this.
Miss Davenport. thank you
for your patience.
I'm so sorry we had
to neuter your dog.
I still don't understand.
For any and all questions.
I'm gonna have to direct you
to our resident veterinarian.
- Doctor. um...
- B-Cat.
- Dr. B-Cat.
- Best in the business.
So. during a routine
examination. we unfortunately
found that your dog's
dangulus testiculus was.
in layman's terms.
totally jacked up.
Dangulus testiculus?
Mm-hmm.
I don't know what
the hell's going on here.
but I'm calling my lawyer.
Uh. Officer Taylor
recently passed the bar.
He's our in-house counsel.
He can...
Uh... yes.
But right now I'm mostly
focused on maritime law.
Mar... what?
That's not my dog.
- Huh?
- This is precinct 12. right?
No. this is 22.
[laughs] Okay.
I'm in the wrong place.
Oh! Thank God.
I mean. as a doctor.
you would hate to do
a neuter wrong.
That would suck. [nervous laugh]
Wow!
I'm gonna leave.
but I know you're all lying.
and it's really messed up.
Oh. yeah. we know.
We are not good people.
- Oh. Oh. thank you.
- Wow.
I was just trying
to help my friends.
How 'bout that?
This cat's got nine lives. baby.
Yo. Derek!
Let's spin it!
♪ [dance music plays]
- Oh. Oh.
- Ooh!
[Patel barks]
So what now?
It gets darker.
and then stars come out.
Have you never seen
a sunset before?
You know. this is. uh...
- What?
- Strangely...
It was really...
- [Parker] Victoria!
- Like...
Victoria!
Hey. it's me.
Is that Parker?
Hey. V! It's me!
Victoria!
Hey. Babe.
[Victoria] Are you being chased
by coyotes?
What is happening?
I ran here. I couldn't
let the sun go down
on my shameful behavior.
We met you while you were
living in our friend's attic.
so you gotta be more specific.
Valid.
Okay. I lied earlier.
The real of it is. is that...
I'm actually really scared
of horses.
You should've told me that.
Even though it's really
childish and embarrassing.
Even standing this close
to this huge beast
is terrifying.
- That's okay.
Mostly because of the teeth.
But if my girl wants
to go on a ride
then I wanna do that with her.
Stop.
Take my horse.
Are you sure?
Yeah. Ranch House is close.
and you guys have almost
20 seconds of sunset left.
Come on.
[Parker] Thanks.
Okay. Just. like...
I would've gotten here sooner
but I ran into this couple that
was just talkin' my ear off.
Paul and Sapphire.
It was like running into
the human form
of a sneeze that hasn't come.
- Baby.
- What?
That was kinda snarky.
Let's go. Babe. what else
do you hate about them?
I don't wanna judge.
but sorta everything.
Yeah. they were awful.
Awful people.
Ladies!
[laughs] Welcome!
Party's. uh.
winding down. but it was
a thorough success.
- Wow. Yeah.
- Oh. yeah.
And there were no incidents?
No. we just. uh...
ran a little low on crudité.
so that was dicey.
So. I'm just wondering then
what this text message means.
- Maybe you can help me.
- Sure.
Uh... I'm doing
what I can to stop it.
but Patel is committing
medical fraud.
Frowny face.
You narked on me. bro?!
I didn't nark on you. bro!
It was me.
- Big Cat.
- [Patel] What?
But it was your idea
to be the fake vet!
[Daisy] That is disappointing.
You are diabolical. [gasps]
This is about the emu. isn't it?
No! This is about me
taking this job seriously.
My biggest flaw is that
I work too hard.
and some might say
that I need a vacation.
But that's not what tonight
is about.
Tonight is about these dogs
and their nuts.
Thank you. Daisy.
You have done...
- Oh. you're not...
- ...such good work. you can go.
It's always about the emu.
you son of a bitch.
You heard that. right?
We all heard that?
- Is that...
- She's obviously lying.
But I think it is important
to reward
narking and punish
those who don't.
-Which is why the two of you
-No.
will spend all next week
scraping the floors
of the rabbit pens.
Wait. wait. no.
Sorry. Time out.
It just really doesn't
seem fair because...
Okay. well. that'll be all.
Bro.
Just breathe. Boss.
Just breathe.
Yeah. we're not
doing that anymore.
Oh.
- Hey.
Looks like we all had
a rough night. huh?
Turns out you should
break in a pair of boots
before walking across
three miles of scrub brush.
You blew off
the ride with Bonnie?
I did. Broke her heart
before she broke mine.
I'm a complicated man.
Don't get too close to me.
Well...
here's to getting back
on the horse.
Metaphorically and literally.
Oh. and. uh...
Burn these.
It's too late in the game
for an extra hobby.
Okay.
Hey. you don't have to do
it now. Just...
You wanna have a drink?
- Make it quick.
- Okay.
- [Frank sighs]
- [Shred burps]
Um...
Right.
Okay.
What the hell?
Occupied.
Parker. what are you doing?
Only thing this place was
missing was a sauna.
Not anymore.
No. the only thing
this place is missing
is a lock you can't pick.
You need to shut this down!
- Actually...
- What?
She's got bacterial dermatitis.
So. steam's really good
for her skin.
Steam is good for our skin.
Us and them.
You and me.
We're not so different.
are we. lizard?
You're a real weirdo. huh?
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-